# Code Book


## Introduction

This document describes the variables included in the tidy data set
that is generated by the `run_analysis.R` script.

All variables (except `Activity.ID`, `Activity.Label` and `Subject.ID`)
where generated by aggregating all data through the `mean` function, and
grouping it by activity (i.e. `Activity.Label`) and subject (i.e. 
`Subject.ID`).


## Variables

### Body.Accelerometer.Mean.X
The average body acceleration in the X-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Accelerometer.Mean.Y
The average body acceleration in the Y-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Accelerometer.Mean.Z
The average body acceleration in the Z-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Gravity.Accelerometer.Mean.X
The average gravity acceleration in the X-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Gravity.Accelerometer.Mean.Y
The average gravity acceleration in the Y-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Gravity.Accelerometer.Mean.Z
The average gravity acceleration in the Z-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Mean.X
The average body acceleration jerk in the X-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Mean.Y
The average body acceleration jerk in the Y-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Mean.Z
The average body acceleration jerk in the Z-axis, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Gyroscope.Mean.X
The average body acceleration in the X-axis, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Gyroscope.Mean.Y
The average body acceleration in the Y-axis, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Gyroscope.Mean.Z
The average body acceleration in the Z-axis, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Mean.X
The average body acceleration jerk in the X-axis, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Mean.Y
The average body acceleration jerk in the X-axis, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Mean.Z
The average body acceleration jerk in the X-axis, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Accelerometer.Magnitude.Mean
The average body acceleration Euclidean norm, measured via the accelerometer.

### Gravity.Accelerometer.Magnitude.Mean
The average gravity acceleration Euclidean norm, measured via the accelerometer.

## Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Magnitude.Mean
The average body acceleration jerk Euclidean norm, measured via the accelerometer.

### Body.Gyroscope.Magnitude.Mean
The average gravity acceleration Euclidean norm, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Magnitude.Mean
The average gravity acceleration jerk Euclidean norm, measured via the gyroscope.

### Body.Accelerometer.Mean.X.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Mean.Y.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Mean.Z.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Mean.X.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Mean.Y.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Mean.Z.Freq
### Body.Gyroscope.Mean.X.Freq
### Body.Gyroscope.Mean.Y.Freq
### Body.Gyroscope.Mean.Z.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Magnitude.Mean.Freq
### BodyBody.Accelerometer.Jerk.Magnitude.Mean.Freq
### BodyBody.Gyroscope.Magnitude.Mean.Freq
### BodyBody.Gyroscope.Jerk.Magnitude.Mean.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Std.X
### Body.Accelerometer.Std.Y
### Body.Accelerometer.Std.Z
### Gravity.Accelerometer.Std.X
### Gravity.Accelerometer.Std.Y
### Gravity.Accelerometer.Std.Z
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Std.X
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Std.Y
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Std.Z
### Body.Gyroscope.Std.X
### Body.Gyroscope.Std.Y
### Body.Gyroscope.Std.Z
### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Std.X
### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Std.Y
### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Std.Z
### Body.Accelerometer.Magnitude.Std
### Gravity.Accelerometer.Magnitude.Std
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Magnitude.Std
### Body.Gyroscope.Magnitude.Std
### Body.Gyroscope.Jerk.Magnitude.Std
### Body.Accelerometer.Std.X.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Std.Y.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Std.Z.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Std.X.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Std.Y.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Jerk.Std.Z.Freq
### Body.Gyroscope.Std.X.Freq
### Body.Gyroscope.Std.Y.Freq
### Body.Gyroscope.Std.Z.Freq
### Body.Accelerometer.Magnitude.Std.Freq
### BodyBody.Accelerometer.Jerk.Magnitude.Std.Freq
### BodyBody.Gyroscope.Magnitude.Std.Freq
### BodyBody.Gyroscope.Jerk.Magnitude.Std.Freq

